huge eyes and separated their
head and ears round sun
flat nose located exactly between the eyes
and a sturdy body of what made chest sun
so is the exotic cat a race that was created by the human being of
chance
and whose origins are difficult to track
the Qatari
belongs to the dog breed
but once
the static gap aecc has the same physical characteristics or
Business
but with short hair
those of Persian for example it would be like her having hair
It is a compliment
and he would be an exotic
the access to the peak I started breeders pride for the 60's
what they were looking for was the departure
bnp net
Persian cats
if the complications of Persian peru
they started in the sixties to cross with an American shorthair
and for the year 71
already considered
a race the exotic and
the raising of exotic spending
It is very difficult due to the large size of his head the births are difficult
the litters are usually not more than 3 or 4 kittens, which is not easy
get ahead
since many do not exceed the passage of breast milk to conventional food
once they have grown they do not need special attention
that's why before courtois they need
but I prefer the inverse
as for example bathroom
continuous at least once at least twice
so much so that the backdrop and short hair but to him
much more hair density
i also there are
maybe not so big
the most line that killed him
colom almond
they indicated that these exotic
It is very simple
we just need a pen for example
and the kittens will not be able to resist following her with their eyes
willing to jump on it
Acapulco killed badly
eat to eat different
the data is ethical
in one act it is a little more manipulated by the hand of man
with indoor sea data
mandate to be at home quiet are not parties want to go out to the street or
hunt or st county a little bit more perverse hunter instinct
but comparing it with the cat or common
now well beyond the much quieter format much more feasible power of
be able to have in a house or in a plis
the tranquility of good
despite a fact that was
very very quiet
thing that most of the other vaccine
this much more active data needs more benefits
and they do little or nothing
gere can do them so fine sanitary topics
the couch
a little bit of wii game
and tanned
coffee rillo
bim bam bum and almond tree are some of the names of these puppies that
milian would go with affection
hoping to find in a litter a unique and special kitten
apart from power
You have to take them out
in a bed a lot
and I at least what you want to get thing
and that adapt to the standard to be able to go expertise or
teach
more than selling
I'm looking forward to the position or really nice to stay and
take it on exhibition
although with age they become more fragile and affectionate
these animals keep their playful character throughout their lives
characterizes this race
what makes them the perfect companions for lovers of
cats